Young master.
This water-like mansion is the largest underground auction house in our South City.
When will you auction your
Young master naturally has the morality of young master.
Song Chi Minh starts an important hidden mission
Long Vuong Lang Wear
Please come to the four country villa to play the original city
Why not like Giang Son?
If you don't mind
Today it's Ben turning the bow into a bow.
The day against killing you.
Stop.
How dare you.
Dare to appear in front of me.
This is huge recruiting.
This is me.
Everybody's seen it.
That's not me. I call it smart defense.
Master.
Haha.
Your words have died, you can't stop, you want to die again.
What are you doing?
Can't go up?
Master Tang.
This is a villa like water.
There is no day in the cave here. Do you hate long life? Do you think I look like a person who will cause trouble?
Right, Van?
Mr. Tang Shaoying
You're both my guests.
I don't want my guest of honor to have an accident in my mansion.
If you still want to do
Then bear the consequences yourself.
Because of the two of you.
Except for my house.
The old man had no seat.
No, no, no.
Honey, don't be impulsive.
As long as we get the innate infinity singularity
Aren't these Tang people a mission to take away?
I don't know what to buy.
Even if they are
It's all part of our plan.
Employees understand that they will start immediately.
You took it.
What are you standing there for?
Kill them.
Ah, Master, this is the Surabaya mansion.
Look at the unmarked hole here.
Are you a human being?
Do I look like a mess?
Right, Van Lang?